README.md, before:

# babel-preset-amex

> Standard babel preset for American Express

> Want to get paid for your contributions to `babel-preset-amex`?
> Send your resume to oneamex.careers@aexp.com

## Contributing
We welcome Your interest in the American Express Open Source Community on Github.
Any Contributor to any Open Source Project managed by the American Express Open
Source Community must accept and sign an Agreement indicating agreement to the
terms below. Except for the rights granted in this Agreement to American Express
and to recipients of software distributed by American Express, You reserve all
right, title, and interest, if any, in and to Your Contributions. Please [fill
out the Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/americanexpress/).

## License
Any contributions made under this project will be governed by the [Apache License
2.0](https://github.com/americanexpress/babel-preset-amex/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## Code of Conduct
This project adheres to the [American Express Community Guidelines](https://github.com/americanexpress/babel-preset-amex/wiki/Code-of-Conduct).
By participating, you are expected to honor these guidelines.

Commit message:

feat(index): added config for modern browsers ONE-6370

README.md, after:

# babel-preset-amex

> Standard babel preset for American Express

> Want to get paid for your contributions to `babel-preset-amex`?
> Send your resume to oneamex.careers@aexp.com

To transpile for modern browsers only, set [`BABEL_ENV`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/6.26.3/babelrc#env-option) to `modern`.

## Contributing
We welcome Your interest in the American Express Open Source Community on Github.
Any Contributor to any Open Source Project managed by the American Express Open
Source Community must accept and sign an Agreement indicating agreement to the
terms below. Except for the rights granted in this Agreement to American Express
and to recipients of software distributed by American Express, You reserve all
right, title, and interest, if any, in and to Your Contributions. Please [fill
out the Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/americanexpress/).

## License
Any contributions made under this project will be governed by the [Apache License
2.0](https://github.com/americanexpress/babel-preset-amex/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## Code of Conduct
This project adheres to the [American Express Community Guidelines](https://github.com/americanexpress/babel-preset-amex/wiki/Code-of-Conduct).
By participating, you are expected to honor these guidelines.
